what just happened last night guys I
could I've my mind is blowing up for you
I I don't know if you saw it cuz you
might have been sleeping but something
incredible happened there's so much to
talk about on hotline leave we've got a
short period of time because mark his
life has just consumed with work now so
he's able to eke out this little time
for hotline like 49 I woke up thirty
minutes ago so this is a little forced
I'm not gonna live but it's okay because
in a second I'm gonna start thinking
about the cloud night stuff but my
mind's gonna blow and it's just gonna be
amazing hot light League up support line
is starting right now
and by the way we have a mystery sponsor
that would normally whenever they're not
a mystery anymore that old there'll be a
little ad that possibly either way let's
get into it let's go around the horn
Mark Zimmerman sorry by the way there's
a cursor I'm running on a single window
this is what happens when I'm in Korea
and still produced mark is here mark how
you doing how you holding up
Dave 14 of worlds Mark Zimmerman is
alive that's his status alive really 14
days the world's already I mean that's
what razzle plasm said so I I was down
to believe it I'm pretty sure it's
probably not not gonna lie I just buy it
through a number out there it certainly
feels like it's been a bit I mean we can
get into it and a little bit but I will
say like I needed yesterday because when
you play ball you just like buy once
you've been there for like a week and
you know that there's like much more
time to go
you need that pick-me-up but mark do you
have what's life been like you're
completely nocturnal still yep it
honestly isn't regularly too bad if it
was just worlds but other obligations
such as hotline League which you love
taking would love it what little freedom
I do have suddenly is that dawn
but who gives a shit c9 is out of groups
yeah first team to make their way out so
alright Calvi spent the day watching the
games what what was that like for you
tell me how you doing I'm doing really
good uh I have a bunch of things I want
to talk about so I won't spoil them here
but one of the things I can't just
generally talk about the distance well
anything is that it was really really
fun actually like the games were more
entertaining than a lot of League of
Legends that I've watched in a long time
and I thought that the overwhelming
majority of it except from Genji was a
really high level play oh my god it's
already starting it's already happening
well we have we have razzle plasm on the
show
welcome to the show for the first time I
have a razzle plasm hello hello I'm
gonna call you grass from here on out
yeah it's probably the best you don't
want to go for the full plasm yeah plasm
is your last name mister plasm you we we
had to have one because I'm for it if if
cloud9 had made it I was the first seed
I think we would have just we wouldn't
need them but because because RG was
able to make the first seed
unfortunately we have to have somebody
from LPL on so you know like the token
LPL question that'll slip through marks
clutches will have me know what kind of
show rice how how's life you are you are
you in China right now yeah came back to
Shanghai so if anything if I like get
kicked out of the call any way shape or
form then you know who to blame yeah
well as long as you keep some great
things about the LPL teams I'm sure
you're good and I'm good but my god yeah
am I you know this kind of trying to fix
my schedule something mark can't do
right now yeah and then one thing that I
needed was yesterday's games because
holy Sh like my heart rate throughout
the entire day there was no peace and I
was pretty I'm not pissed off about it
I just feel like my doctor's gonna be
pissed off about me about it cause like
watching it I just I felt like I was
still dreaming it was just pretty damn
good that orangy got out at the end of
the day that's all I really care about
you know yeah yeah I will agree with
that for how much like work we have like
put into hyping up our Angie if they got
fucking knocked out it would be like all
right that's a great storyline for the
West but like goddamn China is gonna be
pissed
ya know that I had Twitter out in one
page Weibo on another and they were
completely different Twitter everyone
does this like I thought this shit
I know Weibo everyone was just like what
the hell is happening our world right
now RNG shape-up slash I guess we feel
good about vitality but don't kick our
ass there I don't know is it was
conflicting feelings on both sides
yeah Candice the LPL host came into the
media room after the after that cloud 9
verse orangey game the first one and she
was just like really worried for cloud
or for orangey she was like oh shit cuz
it's so funny you can tell like there it
was just such an assumption and
everyone's minds after the first four
days they're like okay aren G's like
best team at the tournament probably so
like everything's gonna be fine and then
they just drop the first two games to a
couple of idiot Western teams and people
are like what what what is this it's
just fascinating
alright well a couple of things I don't
know mark is it better for us to just
talk a little bit about our opinions and
then get into the calls or should we go
straight into calls because I know we
have it's a little bit of a shorter
episode I think like maybe till 6:30 we
can you you don't know what 6:30 is well
you know I have in the next 15 minutes I
got it yeah or maybe I was shooting the
shit cool yeah can can I make a proposal
yeah since I am of like of our of our
two fine gentlemen this direction I'm
like the least qualified knowledgeable
about league of legends at a competitive
level but I felt like I saw a lot of
things last night
really stood out to me so I'd like to
say my piece and then have these guys
come on top and say yay or nay I
disagree yeah go for it okay so I know
one thing that I feel like was like the
theme of last night is like we talked
before earlier on the show what it would
take for c9 to get out of groups right
and would it be like a collapse would it
be them stepping up or whatever and I
feel like honestly after watching the
games last night the other teams didn't
collapse c9 just really really stepped
up in a very very massive way and I
think that like a lot of their draft
like they they seem to have found a
strategy in how they're playing and also
in their drafts that worked really
really well up until RNG I think figured
out how to counter it in their second
matchup against each other in all the
games that c9 one except for the
vitality game so I guess it's really
just two games but in their first two
games they won top and mid like they
they use Shen and global presence super
super well to play really proactive on
the other seams other teams side of the
map and like they were they were super
super good about it I think that their
draft against orangey in their first
matchup was like I thought it was super
super hard for orangey to win that game
like they had such a good super calm and
they applied so much pressure and just
like lived an orangey side of the map
one of the things we talked about like
is kind of like a macro level thing in
MOBAs in general it's the same in league
in DotA is you always hear people say
about like why being proactive is
important but then they don't really go
into why all things considered equal if
you are like gonna get 50% of the
teamfights won in a game you'd always
rather have the teamfights happen on
their side of the map because when you
win then you can take objectives and if
you lose they have to march all the way
across to take your objectives right so
like them being over there and then
winning those teamfights was super super
big I think that rng though did a
a really good job in their second
matchup because they first to ban knock
our sorry they denial pick knock they
ban Shen and then in second round they
took out sin shin hecarim and I think
that like shutting down their global
ability taking shun away from them is is
like what you need to do like targeting
licorice with bands Jensen I don't think
you're gonna target out with bands and
then taking away Shen is how you do this
in the drafting phase and like that was
so a really really close game but the
one thing that was like still I think is
c9s weakness is like their late-game
team fighting still didn't look super
great in all of these games against
Genji they were still losing late-game
teamfights when they had a huge gold
lead it happened against RNG it cost
them the game against RNG and I think
the thing that's super interesting too
is everybody's really hyped about this
but I think that the only game that like
c9 like should've lost aside the R&G
game that they did lose is their game
against fatality vitality really threw
in the Baron pit play and then the thing
that was super super funny to me is
sneaky had the most valuable death of
the entire tournament
when fatality killed the mid and then
they have they have two people on c9
dead they're walking three to see nines
mid tier two sneaky appears bottom out
whereas tier 1 Tower supposed to be they
walk three people when they can easily
see c9 Smits here too they walk three
people from that mid tier to all the way
to see Knights bought your one to gank
sneaky they kill him and then they have
to walk all the way back and they don't
even get to like siege after that point
because two guys have breasts and I was
like as I was watching I was like holy
shit I can't believe they're chasing
this kill like this is such a great
death or sneaky here you know I mean but
yeah I think that Jensen and licorice
like really really stepped up did
awesome sneaky lost lane in every single
game but it didn't like end up causing
them huge difficulties or whatever they
just played super well and I hope that
like if teams like keep targeting like
keep drafting the way that RNG did in
the second game
like they are get out the shin and they
denial picnic or whatever that c9 has an
answer but I don't know we'll see they
they did super super well on this day I
think they stepped up massively I was
really impressed that was a long segment
yes
going back to what you said the
beginning about like Jen like it would
take a team to collapse I actually do
you think Jen G collapsed I think they
like they were hands down the worst
Korean team to ever attend Worlds if you
cash her mind back even to the like
teams that got think it out of groups
pre 2014 before we got this format but
from 2014 onwards every Korean team who
has come to the tour has gotten out of
groups before that the only team that
didn't make it was a Samsung ozone or
whatever and I'm pretty sure they were
they were five and three India a
tiebreaker game so like this wasn't even
fucking close this is uh awful like this
is a straight-up bad team from any
region attending and it's from Korea
which is just mind-boggling so I think
c9 played amazingly same with vitality I
don't think anyone thought that they
would look that good and like take games
off of orangey to get out which is the
crazy part but I still think it was kind
of a collapse out of genji as well as
both these teams playing super well and
to kelpies Kelly's point about the
preparation the level of preparation c9
had something that you already mentioned
was like a silver pick into the guy so
like Caixa and a collie this tournament
really turned out to be like traffic's
traffic's because like after the
tournament really developed there were
counter picks already like levied out
either in having Suge early on in the
game early pressure so like Draven for
vitality was really crucial that Draven
bands can like consistently went out for
sneaky and then for I mean the Akali
that was really early on where you pick
it then they'll just pick survivability
in tank and the funniest thing about it
is that the survivability in tank came
through with with orange ease picks when
they had Sion but when they have like
solo only damage being put onto what
it's Caixa then you can just prioritize
shove repeatedly I think that's what
scene I did not only
they prioritize shop throughout the
early points today but then they were
just hardfocus hoozy throughout the
entire day so like that for me like was
very crucial and being able to pick up
the early win and then to the your point
about just collapsing Genji specifically
crown don't sign on his player account i
player cam
not only did he play poorly he had to
play immediately afterwards the guy was
like now you sit you're staying sat down
after your zero five performance to
Jensen and it was it was insane for him
to stay there Sue's like I'm playing
mouths are and he made he didn't make
the same mistakes before cuz like if you
feed a syndra like the first two kills
like you're pretty much out for the rest
of the game but then he goes on and his
mouths are and you can tell that he was
still in a pretty bad mental space
because he was just making really core
mistakes up against your zu k and zu k
and yet Jensen are phenomenal talent so
you can't mess up like that so it felt
bad for Genji because cuvee was still
playing well really we're still playing
well the rest of the team was playing I
but it's unforgiving if you mess up that
many times up against like a really
well-prepared opponent so I just love
the in the interview that cloud9 had
afterwards were they just specifically
sneaky said that the biggest lesson he
learned through scrims
was just that you have to be able to
take the fights like you just have to
fight skirmishing willing to bring in
numbers for teamfights this meta when
there is no vision on the map I know
it's been like this for about a year now
that's so crucial and that's been how
teams from developing regions that
really just came out specifically like
when Albus knocks Luna came out last
time round did they bring anything
special no they just it's like they
didn't scream all too much coming into
the tournament the special thing they
brought was just all going mid and
picking fights against an unsuspecting
team they did have some nice support
picks though they have like the brands
and shit but yeah that was good good I
uh I know we talked a lot about cloud 9
but I want to make sure we talk a little
bit about
eyetality before we get into calls
because I don't know like with with
vitality like okay so Genji collapse so
those games are kind of like a wash
although it still felt hype for the West
to be like yeah we're beating down a
Korean team this never happens
um and and vitality is Matt like there
was a world there was a world for just a
second where I was like is cloud now I'm
gonna be first seed and vitality is
gonna be second scene that would be
insane I'm sure rads would not be happy
but that would be insane and they played
such fun League of Legends like that was
with the exception of the Genji games
which were fun for the West I think like
all of the games last night were so fun
to watch and like yeah Kelly says it
sometimes where he talks about how
sometimes you have these really low kill
games and League and it's just like not
super fun to watch you're like 13
minutes and there's like two or three
kills and you're like like it was just
there derby matches where the one of the
first times I've seen this recently
where you have a giant team fight and
then you have two picture-in-picture the
production team has two a
picture-in-picture another smaller
skirmish that's happening in another
Lane as like a side course the main team
fight and I just think a lot of like
what vitality brought to the group like
it I feel like they just added a little
bit of secret sauce and meat it's so
bloody it was really fun to watch so
yeah I'm just said then here like the
fuck you got third and obviously that
group is just tactics so you know if you
drop ship them to another group they
would do just fine but vitality god damn
it feels bad they're not in the tourney
many more because they're the one that
brought that secret sauce from the
beginning and inspired a lot of the
teams in the tournament that felt like
they didn't have a chance to come out
and just roll with their style I felt
like it was super fun to watch and then
I hope they continue to stay together
yeah even breaks up in the off season
I'm pissed off last question before we
get into calls but should we expect what
we saw today to continue on in the next
three days do we think that like the
world's meta has shifted to this like
really intense
skirmishing situation a lot of like
really fun unique pics are we gonna kind
of go back to I don't know I kind of
felt like the first couple days of
worlds I was like ah the maddest it's
not as hype as I want it to be mark and
rising you know I think it's harder to
say for the last two groups but two
tonight should stay pretty crazy I think
all the groups are all the teams in
Group A have like pretty different play
styles like G choose one three wanting
everywhere Fung foo and flash wolves are
more standard team and then like a
freakish of probably before wanting with
keen or at least like putting them on
really scrappy tops and I guess fun glue
kind of do that was there us as well but
like by the way all those teams feel
like they have really different
priorities and what they want to draft
so you should see a lot of fun yeah okay
well let's get into calls mark well here
let me let me say topics I push mark to
do this show a little bit earlier than
we normally do because I actually think
there's just so much to have to talk
about obviously there's a ton of stuff
to talk about from last night but I also
think it's really important that we talk
a little bit about like the fact that I
will dominate basically lit a match and
just like the entire subreddit and
Twitter and everything went up in flames
Kelby did you miss this whole thing I
know so basically this was the before
yesterday's matches dominate tweeted you
should go squirrel that he's tweeted a
bunch since then but he tweeted any
teams don't try one of the players spent
like it played 180 games a fortnight
before and during playoffs these guys
just play a bunch of games they don't
actually really try and the entire
subreddit like I'd have never seen this
happen before we're like it just one
aided in it was just like the strongest
hate rain ever on just North American
president general I turned on my stream
after the game before the the stream I'm
sorry the world's before or last night
two nights ago and the I was just
arguing with twitch at because everybody
was like n/a pros don't actually care
and a pros just wanna sit around on
their asses and get paychecks like it
insane I'm sad you mystic is a hate
train was real so we can talk about that
and I have it can I have it can I be can
I have a soapbox moment for that sure
yeah yeah well wait wait till because
somebody's gonna call in and we can talk
a little bit about it before why because
before the show ends we'll do it because
I yeah I'm me too
I don't know what else there's just a
ton of different stuff to talk about
mark and I are there any big topics for
you tonight no okay well pretty boring
you know I don't live alright whatever
either so much stuff mark you want
explain how it works really quickly the
15-second spiel yep so if you haven't
seen the show before I'm putting the
discord in twitch chat you're gonna want
to join up there once you get there
you're gonna join Club calls or plug
calls to voice channels you can meet
yourself once you're in there then in
the text channel pub topics go ahead and
post what it is you want to talk about
if we like what you're saying we'll pull
you into the waiting room and from there
once it's your turn we will take you to
a quick mic Tech and then bring you on
to on-air so you can talk about it very
good and if you are a sub for twitch
chat you can link that up with discord
you get to go ahead and put that into
the sub chat channel he'll be I'm
linking you I will dominate right ahead
and and that gives you can put your
questions in there or your not your
questions necessarily your topics cuz
that's what we're more interested in and
that will give you a little bit of an
edge so and it's just a way to say thank
you for for subbing Mark's gonna help go
and start pulling people in a second
Oh looks like you pulled a shit some
people okay he's already in though he
just marks ready to go he's got an hour
to do the show's gonna be a little bit
shorter because we're running on his
schedule
a couple of big shout outs to some subs
count zero zero one craves zero the one
spooky skeletons Shelburne Xin 27 legacy
blurry flip Joker Ginny spool with
it's the new ku 3mins crested macaque
Benji your clarinet music can this work
today for two months hollow moon L Oh
half a year six months here we go
chinois Achieva a laziness laziness in
the five months map mother mango and
what warden Dresden is here warden
Dresden where you coming from
I'm calling from Richfield Idaho is your
is your name a Dresden Files reference
it is all right I got you
what do you want to talk about on the
show tonight warden the resident I want
to talk about that you know it's been a
meme for a I about the gap closing but
with both EU and any teams doing so well
you know showing up against not just
Korea but china in their group you know
can we say the gap is closed no so
Calvin Kelby you didn't see this earlier
but as you started dating you did your
analysis twitchchat just started
spamming Calvi sets
Kelby said c9 had 0% chance low low low
that just the whole chat was just
spamming it you stand by your I don't
know if you're meaning right now but you
seem to stand by your your anti na
sentiment
yeah I mean like I think it was a really
nice day of League of Legends and that's
what it was it was a really nice day of
League of Legends to say the gap is
closed I need results that are more
indicative of that than that you know I
need to see a trend well kind of what I
mean by the gap being closed is that
it's kind of it comes up to just on the
day performance rather than you know
that we're so far behind that we can't
make it well I mean we haven't we
haven't made it past quarterfinals once
yeah I think that's that's why I'm a
little hesitant specifically for na to
say like the gap is closed like I don't
think any of us expected it's United to
take two games off or in a game off
orangey and eyetality came off orangey
which is super cool but I still feel
like the gap is closed might be a fair
statement
overall just between Korea and the rest
of the world but mostly the LPL in Korea
yeah forming at Worlds for a while I
think like you use you use fine that's
why we take all their players and bring
them to na you know any players don't go
other places and there's a reason for
that
you know if the question is is the gap
closing then it's a yes because like
last year we saw how close misfits were
taking down in SKT that wasn't
technically boom just yet
Europe is definitely getting better now
results wise if you're just talking
about where they're being put remember
fanatic and Origen went really damn far
so like that's just the hard act to
follow up but if we're just talking
about them close to being Korea then
hell yeah I think that's true is it
closed as like as in just like now it's
over even playing field China North
America and Europe or just like hell no
hell we need to see an actual
best-of-five of cloud 9 just up soon if
they can get to a semi finals but like
for me right now is North America like
evolving is Europe evolving I would say
I have a lot of faith in Europe right
now and how fnatic come form and I want
to see what this new cloud 9 looks like
an investor 5 because we've seen how the
old cloud 9 doesn't but I'm really I'm
wondering how's asel and liquorice will
be performing in a best-of-five out of
worlds event that is going to be hype
shit for me is this though ok to pause
on the gap is closed thing because I
actually I mean I I I think an
interesting way to approach this
question is is this the best performance
we've ever seen from a North American
team because in the past North American
teams have gotten out but there's always
like oh well there's like that the
fourth team that's not a threat or like
they can't like snuck their way out
because another team like upset another
team like for me I'm trying to think of
a time where we had a North American
team get out of groups that looked it
did it with such style and did it
looking so
in it and so so much like they could
have taken anybody in the group oh yeah
I understand I think it was the best day
for North America out of worlds event
like for me just because not only did
they take down a former like nope just
the current MSI champions but they took
down a Korean team that like once again
last time that happened in a group stage
it was Samsung ozone and sure that team
gets memes all out but that was I think
like gambit and fnatic or something at
that time they had to do it so that was
back then when we still saw those
European teams as like gods that were at
least four game but just about the fade
out so to me for cloud nine to have that
kind of performance even if it was like
I'm against a tilted jenji there was
still a lot of players that were playing
well cuvee was still playing well that
tournament and licorice stood up to him
and if you look there was the bottom
line
the fact that ruler was still playing as
well as he was and Genji were still
having fight within them even though
there was a massive gap in the mid lane
I thought was a great testament to how
the team was playing so I mean they have
to keep it up but I thought this is a
great day for North America yeah I I do
feel like even if the gap has not shut
the gap has closed in some sense because
if you look at it and you can look at
the four days before - like Korea is not
nearly as strong as they once were and
while we do talk about how LPL seems to
look really strong in this tournament
europe is taking games off of them
cloud9 did all this stuff like it i mean
well obviously see in the next three
days maybe this will feel really
presumptuous and you know just us riding
a high but I I do feel like I can't
remember the last time it felt like
Worlds was this unpredictable where like
you don't know like if the Korean team
is going to lose or win you don't know
if like the LPL team is going to be like
the best of the event you don't know
which games Europe is gonna be able to
to win and like North America just like
I don't know the cloud9 thing really
helped
just I think we're North America look to
this tournament so I don't know mark
you've been a little quite I think I
don't know I think it's one of those
things that I was staying I think on the
cool like the end of day will run the
cooldown thing that like this day is
absolutely fucking crazy but like I hope
we don't forget that in three more weeks
if c9 loses and quarters and LPL and lck
the only seems really advancing through
the tournament I hope we don't forget
how cool this was but like there's still
a lot of torment left to play
so like we'll see how much the gap has
closed but this was for na probably
their best day at Worlds ever yeah
warden we're kind of uh we're going
quickly through the call sign because we
have a limited time but do you have
anything else that you would add or
anything you want to say on the anterior
well I just really like that kind of
last night showed that no you were
saying last week that it's worlds
anything can happen and you know maybe
anything actually can happen this worlds
yeah Travis gaffur the greatest analyst
on this show and I did Kelvin said it
wouldn't have become a sense seed I'd
have 0% chance law I don't even know if
you said that but twitch is repeating
enough that I like my pick Holmes had no
North American coming out I was on the
plane cool down so she saying hey guys
and a team's not gonna make it out yeah
and then after all that bullshit that
went throwing right I was like hey guys
you know I'm a I'm a fan of I don't know
if there's any age any shelf and out
there I'm a fan of this team called
Calgary claims they played poorly
throughout the season I don't expect
anything from them and then the next day
know that literal day was glad nine
coming out of groups I think yeah I mean
mark did you pull anybody here to talk
about the one topic that I wanted to add
in there was the analyst bias or or
broadcast biased did you bring pull
anybody for that there's someone who
wants to just talk about like oh I
didn't notice that like they're not at
the actual event okay well maybe will
tell me bump it in there
okay cool uh thinking ward and resident
for the call yeah yeah all right
catching up on some more subs where are
we
mother mango for two months 10k cold
nights two months c9 of hoggers what the
fuck Travis mr. Fanning seven four
months I love your interviews killing
keep killing the game Thank You Aaron
Zale secretions two months great job so
far Travis much left from you Gigi sir
cretians in the chat helping to run some
of the marketing stuff over at you Gigi
cool for JA gifted us up to alpha
Griffon the pack 69 for four months of
free Keo two months Thank You Travis for
getting sneaky to play a pizza Sivir he
had a problem no problem that was me
mchip subbed with twitch prime ass lingo
man is here single man where you calling
from California Apple Valley Apple
Valley oh that is um where's Apple
Valley it's at your Victorville you
drive through it on your way to yes yeah
it's mostly tumbleweeds I think yeah and
make make the case for Apple Valley for
me something go man cuz I I don't I've
driven through it a million times so Roy
Rogers lives here are used to live here
obviously doesn't anymore uh Rogers big
house on top of the hill overlooking
fire city and it's just becoming a
ginormous City in my opinion but then
again I've lived here my whole life so I
listen I normally make fun of people who
live in but yeah I appreciate that you
came out swinging that was good this is
the first time I've heard that on the
show normally I make fun of you I
normally make fun of people what do you
what do you want to talk about on the
show diamond okay so with last night's
games for c9 I think that them improving
the way they are gives them hopes for
them just getting out of semis it's it
but in my opinion it's just not
or some books well semis and quarters I
just think that I don't think they're
gonna get far enough to actually win
worlds
I like that by the way sorry I like that
in this pitch you've already moved them
past quarters yeah you're like I mean
they're your other way to finals yeah
sorry go ahead no it's just no you're
good um no yeah I don't think they're
gonna get far enough like they'll get
into semi is getting past semis but I
think if they do make it to finals that
whoever they're playing against which
looks to be a lot like either Katie or
was that other team well primarily Katie
I feel like they're the ones that are
gonna go course finals but and I
everybody's talking about how RNG is
like Oh RNG is gonna be the final boss
of worlds in my book I don't see it
especially seeing how they played
against T 9 last night I really don't
think that assuming how the draft goes I
don't think they will be able to do good
against it especially if it ends up
being c9 vs r ng or c9 vs Katie if Katie
specifically ends up in finals with c9
if licorice pulls out like Alessandra or
a hecarim I think that'll throw them off
and it'll basically just be like whoa
what the hell are we gonna do about this
so a couple things to hop in here on and
all I guess I'll work backwards Casey
reverse yeah I know the finals let's
talk about that when they gets there and
I doubt Katie would be surprised by a
hacker and where lissandra to things
that hit lickers been playing a fair
amount rng is the interesting one for me
like if there's still tournament
favorites after last night it's tough
for me to say I'd love to hear a trois
thanks but I was actually not very
impressed with their win over c9 like
they picked three winning lanes
essentially and like a really aggressive
early game team comp and could not
actually blow open the early game vs c9
who were playing very well to be fair uh
but then like you know Kelly was saying
that Cena I seen fighting wasn't clean
I think more like orangey is arguably
the best team fighting team in the world
and like seen I had a better comp
and couldn't actually close the game out
because orangey was playing super well
Yahoo's stuns were disgusting like and I
felt very confident orangey steam
fighting still but the fact that they
didn't have what should have felt like
to me like that extra gear that they
kick up to and like stomping when ml XG
is in like I meant like she came in he
was supposed to stop and you didn't
fuckin do it he did against Genji but
like Genji was a wet rag at that point
so I'm a I don't know if I still
consider our R and G tournament
favorites
I thought MMOs she looks super bad
against c9 like he was the worst player
on their team in that game like he had
some really questionable Nocturne play
like I felt like spent had a much better
presence on the map playing Nocturne
when he was doing it than mlx she did
but I think that like I said what what I
saw from c9 last night was let's be fair
form that they haven't shown in a really
long time the end credit to them because
they did an awesome job if they keep
playing like that and they have
something other than like if they if
they can win without shen and knock and
hecarim and like you know like a really
good like initiator like roaming top
four licorice then then i believe but if
that was like if that's their only style
and draft and like orangey showed us how
to beat it last night and drafting then
that i'm concerned for them one thing i
got a oh yeah going going no you're
gonna that's guys like first and
foremost let's just sit let's just put
out the first thing let's think about
quarterfinals first before we go to the
finals itself we haven't actually had a
best-of-five just yet for cloud nine we
saw them going up against orangey and
orangey sure great team fighting team
but like they had one damage in that
composition in the game in which cloud
nine one where ordinarily orangey this
year have found strength and finding
multiple carries throughout like xiaogu
already talked about car so but
obviously they can you swap between both
cars and ml XG depending on how risky
they want to play that dice and let me
is that a
performance during the year so like if
you've ever just put yourself limit
yourself that much against the Sivir
comp to wear silver not only will get
shove and have a free laning phase but
then if she's dealing with a bunch of
meatheads a that she can ricochet pretty
easily in that makes it easier first
cloud9 in that what I'm essentially
saying is we need a best-of-five like
every like it when when na gets thrown
into a quarterfinals when you the
best-of-five for them to actually go
through that being said the first point
about RNG whether they're tournament
favorites anymore like yeah that's a
real question I have now I think RNG
finding weakness and a best of one
setting is definitely telling we need to
see them in a best-of-five but it does
put a focal up some more focus on KT
Invictus gaming and how they're going to
be playing it out before the
quarterfinals the quarterfinals an
entirely different beef for like that
really tests you on your adaptation
skills then cloud9 showcase that they
had a really good strategy one go ahead
and not it needs to show that they can
consistently find something to move lean
back on yeah because remember only about
nitrous gambit with some shit that
wasn't easy
like we can't talk about the finals when
cloud9 went up against gambit and then
just nearly fell out of the tournament
right wouldn't it be funny if after all
this gap is closing conversation and
like oh I don't know about Korea Katie
just like clean walks into the finals
and then takes it I don't think that's
like unlikely what's that yeah Katie
looks pretty good no no I know but I
think there's a really good chance later
they do it really easily right like SKT
style where it's just like everything is
there's no challenge and and I hoped for
EVC that like orangey looked like a
giant big threat but those guys are
losing to na teams how embarrassing
and EU they lost to both Western teams
yeah yeah well but North America I think
even if Katie does like run the
tournament though it does say a lot if
Africa and
jenji both don't make it out of groups
like that's real bad the year only had
one team that did anything yeah come on
I think this is for me when I was
following Korea this is one of the worst
butts that Korea's had in terms of
funding like consistent teams because
teams really did fall off like a skate a
was a team that fell off I would say
Genji while they turned it up during the
gauntlet that team had like they were
like fifth place team in the end the lck
and for them they still had a lot of
questions that obviously weren't
answered for like some of their
individual players so for me like for
Korean fans they're gonna be like can we
please take Griffon Kings own like two
teams that would definitely perform well
people like I know Kings own there's a
large meme about how they performed but
they went to the finals and MSI's they
would own a hundred percent be a better
performer than get Genji but that being
said like Genji and afreeca freaks are
two teams that are still teams that we
like we had a lot of respect for coming
into the tournament but they're also
teams that are fairly risk risky so like
this is the most this is a different
face for Korea than we've seen in the
past I think that is a lot more riskier
and they'll just kind of we don't know
what we'll see until the day comes yeah
everyone obviously want to see Griffin
and I think like looking at their
domestic performance yeah they looked
way better than what we're seeing out of
teams here but like there's no reason
that like Griffin would've shown up here
and choked or something - or or
struggled like you can't just assume
that like oh if Griffin was here they
would have smashed yeah yes Genji the
Genji have any roster change over from
when they were world champions last year
it's the only 100 percent returning
roster see that's at least some subs
like fly was an option but obviously
they kept it 100 percent like the same
players that's why this team's collapse
is so surprising to me is because
they've already obviously proven that
they can handle the pressure of the
world stage and last year I think you
know when you go into a final
against SKT even though SKT last year
like how strong were they really like
it's not easy to play finals against
faker like that can't be mentally easy
and then they come to this event they
just like oh man
so it's so weird to me but anything can
happen yeah and there are a few teams in
the world that are really just they
don't arrive really well who died what's
happening here mark yes webcam did my
typical not wanna be on yeah that's
excellent - which is great new Aang that
kind of that kind of fits and dude like
I heard a rumor recently there not even
a rumor it's just more of a thought of
how everybody's saying that this is
probably the most balanced worlds as far
as team compatibility then people are
saying like without SKT being here or it
was like a really big game teams being
here like not all of them like most of
them are but not all of them like how
they just it's more of a balanced fair
play style yeah do you think that that
might be true mark I don't know why it's
it's it feels like there's less of a
defined meta this worlds like I think
we're as was saying that it's like super
scrappy meta and like there's less
vision and yada yada yada I think all
that's true and I think there's no like
because there wasn't any big patches and
a lot of stuff was about nerfs in the
last like three weeks I mean maybe they
didn't get to ergot quite like they
should have but there's no like
overwhelming item in the meadow that
you're like build this item ardent sense
or or like hey look at all these
bullshit buffs that just came into
juggernauts and so as a result they've
done a good job of like tuning it so
most lanes can pick carries and you can
play through that lane you see it in top
you see it in did you see it in bot and
at any point one of those can work
they're still power picks of course that
people seem to prefer but I think it's a
pretty balanced meta which then allows
teams to find their like teams that have
a certain play style or suddenly not
like nerf coming
world's like if you were a team heading
into worlds last year that didn't want
to play around their marksman you just
you were just fucking worst team yeah
which is great for a team like Genji /
Samsung who have crown just kind of duty
but they have ruler who's great and so
crown gets malzahar duty and ruler gets
all the resources and like that's not
how this worked this year people were
playing leblanc and Aurelia's and skill
matchups and he got dumpster can I ask a
question about something you said
because I noticed this when I was
watching the games and I don't know if
it was just a product of you know like
the first time I was like analytically
watching League for a while
and all these games I was like the the
map is dark like past like 30 minutes it
feels like like compared to in the past
like and what did they change about the
game were like you can't have as much
vision control anymore so this is a
really interesting topic we've been
discussing a lot off air but we're
having a hard time finding ways to
correctly represent it on air the wards
per minute are actually not that
different than previous years but what
is different in my mind is that like a
lot of the wards that go down or fake
shitty trinket wards and so even though
if the numbers stay the same it's not
actually as many wards still like before
way way back and everyone could buy
awards right and like you would have
just green warts and pink Ward's getting
thrown down they eventually went to the
trinket system but even then the jungler
would usually have a sightstone
themselves or the green ward dropping
one and that's gone and so you only have
like the support item that builds into
real consistent wards and a lot of the
trinket wards that you drop in the early
game you know they're only 120 seconds
and they scale up to 180 I believe so I
think or like you get a blue trinket
which counts as a ward I'm pretty sure
but it gets one hit and it's visible and
you don't even need a pink ward to clear
so what I think is happening is just
like there's less consistent vision
available in the mid to late game
whereas early game is actually a little
bit more because people actually need to
spend money on green wards these good
trinkets it's like the count isn't lower
but the amount of actual vision you're
getting is lower that's what I think has
happened with vision
because it is much harder to like choke
people out with vision like that just
doesn't really happen anymore hey we
need remember let's go quick yeah all
right cuz vision for me like it's still
a major factor I think yesterday I'm saw
a lot of brie forcing so while that's
true will reality will start to settle
in you know a few days we'll see Katie
start playing we'll see you Invictus
gaming start playing ensure skirmishing
heavy all of the the nice fun action is
still going to be relevant but in this
specific group we got to see Genji that
collapsed mechanically on mid lane and
we got to see RNG that had a lot of
drafting areas but at the same time
we're matched in team fighting so well
that was great in this group I think as
we'll see in a best-of-five setting OC
adaptations will see some normalcy but
completely agree with the whole vision
point alright thank you so much to our
callers lingo man for the the call
thanks have it going don't work thank
you guys yeah they see mark really
quickly before you grab the next color I
want to talk about our mystery sponsor
that's right everybody
this show is saying and I need to move
ok there
this show is sponsored but we can't tell
you by who but I'll give you some hints
okay I'll give me some hints so if you
get you guys might be able to figure
this out alright company their company
yeah that's in the MasterCard
number two no not that master code
number two they make products they're
good they're good products number three
they're sponsoring the show that's the
third the third hints that you get so
they're spawned a farm oh they make
amazing stuff it's not it's not stop
brass okay my bet
how dare you how dare you he suggests
those brands and not the brand that this
actually is they're making these words
of shit holding almost to this brand yes
exactly
how dare you besmirch this brand by
suggesting those brands I just want to
say thank you so much to their
sponsorship of the show it helps make
the show possible it's the reason why
mark was willing to wake up this morning
early this night early and come on the
show he wasn't gonna and then I called
them up and I said mark needs more money
we gotta up this deal and they said
let's do it
after that cloud nine will do a pork BAM
yeah so anyway thank you so much to our
mystery response here for the support of
the show can't wait to tell you guys
about them in the future all right let's
move on to the next caller well if it
was mystery flavor airheads
um it's not mystery flavor airheads it's
not it's not viagra either I'm in twitch
chat it's not that let's see all right
and no it's not any pornography site I
think thank you to CG shadow two months
Mario three months I never doubted c9
now it's got make it two semis like I
predicted back in August are you see one
two months hello razz for fuck's sake
Alec battery I salado Oakhurst videos
hosted me with 24 beard we were singing
stalks fire Ct Mason 39 flame and sheep
ex Berryhill and washer is on the show
washer where you call from University
dormitory a Boston University dormitory
you're a little quiet I'm going to turn
you up I don't know if there's a way for
you to move the microphone a little
closer but what do you want to talk
about on the show tonight from a Boston
University dormitory
Joe will talk about China talk about
China
okay very good that's my kind of topic
yeah I've got rats on the show so
this'll be great
what do you got for us so orangey played
today um even throw it didn't really go
that well I you'd still say it there
favorites with Katy right well there's
another thing we're not sure anymore ah
well I think even if even if orangey is
no longer like 5050 with Katy for now
like the next two teams that you're
looking at as powerhouses are probably
still orangey and IG yeah also I
wouldn't I wouldn't count out orangey
just yet because while this was a day
for them remember like that was a major
kick in the ass for a lot of the players
and so for how well they perform not
only just an MSI but throughout the year
regionally they just go back to what's
been working for them Yahoo at the very
last game came out and that is syndra
play so I think like a major lesson for
them is that they're not going to have
those specific Susie only compositions
because vitality and c9 just simply
focus that not only in teamfights picked
them out but vitality like had the most
tilting early game like they got blasted
early versus orangey where they disliked
since sion running down bottom lane with
is hard committed without really waiting
until easy was staying under tower
because that was just their strategy was
this hard trying to focus on Newsday and
that was a lesson that orangy learned
throughout the year so they'll go back
to it they'll put power into let me and
Xiao foo and I think that will they be
turning favorites still I wouldn't take
them out of the picture
it just gives Katy Invictus gaming a
little bit more of a push to watch for
yeah I think orangey I think their
drafts were not the best today but their
mechanics at a garage point and they I
think should still be favorites along
with Katy and IG I do have to say one
thing about IG honestly their regular
season was so good that if orangey
doesn't exist I think people would start
calling IG the next Samsung white that's
how good the regular season was really
like the regular season I agree like in
the sense that like anybody that hasn't
watched at the LPL regular season
they had a historic season where they
just only dropped one set in spring
split and one set during the summer
split they dropped two sets overall and
it was just the rng and then they went
to the spring playoffs and then lost in
the semifinals to RNG because the shy
had his hand broken so they had to put
in Duke and they had practice with you
and then they went up to the finals and
went to a game five so like at every
point during the season they got fucked
only by RNG which was insane for them
and if it wasn't if orangey wasn't
playing as well as they were and we'd be
talking about Invictus gaming being
favourites alongside Katy so that's why
two of those teams know that they're in
an international event it's gonna be fun
to see both those teams and KC's like
overall I'd say that this is the bench
chance China has to win worlds in a
while hundred percent I like those guys
we should have more colors like exactly
like this man
we got everyone in that Boston dormitory
and like send them a column mmediately
all right I'll see you gaming club maybe
surelly I mean come on or something but
um my overall point is that China should
honestly win worlds and if not this year
they should go on a winning streak akin
to Korea and my reasoning is that their
user base is frost burns Bay this point
but their user base is utterly huge 1.4
billion people wildly projected to take
over number one overall GDP within the
next 20 years
just and wider their server is I think
they have like 21 servers
that's right number yeah I got a user
base though you mean potential user base
well well that too that leads into my
point of what could and hate them hold
them back from reaching a Korean a kid
dynasty because
Ionia is as large as a bunch of servers
holding whole regions except they only
host diamond2 it over so 10 percent of
users and the popularity of leak in
China can be traced given me and achieve
II I think had three million viewers
like they inflate their viewer accounts
but still that's a lot of yours today
their popularity can trace to you two
things we when
i PL five-and-ten-cent buying outright
games which leads to the thing that
could honestly hold them back because if
you've been following the news recently
tensed stock has gone down 35 percent
the past few months and they that's a
market cap loss of two hundred and fifty
billion dollars to put this into
perspective that laferrari that Dakini
sports owner erected two years ago he
could have bought two hundred and fifty
thousand law Ferraris with that market
cap loss so opinion is the one China
could honestly go on a dynasty run with
the thing that could hold them back is
government regulation because the thing
that's holding Tencent back is China
thinking what if games are some sort of
rebellion and we want to restrict that
because China's restricted things in the
past just a few weeks ago they banned
twitch Twitter is very restricted if you
don't have a VPN it is hard to use a lot
of users rights in China so the real
question is how far will China go and
will it hurt they're each worth
aberration caller I'm a little worried
you're you're gonna you're risking
razzes connection to the show he's gonna
what's the question is it just like how
far they make so I think the concerns
are the concerns are that China is
potentially cracking down on video game
usage and video game playing which was
in fact impact the player base of League
of Legends but do we know do we know
that it is impacting the player base of
League of Legends like I don't know if I
see a direct corollary right now they
could probably get away with it and
their user base would still be fine but
with what they were doing with games
like pub G it could honestly take a big
crack if they go any further I mean that
could be the opposite thing they're
banning other games like people will go
play League of Legends the thing is the
thing is they're also banned by $0.10
the thing is what will they stop but the
thing is David okay let me focus what if
they go to League that's the question
because if they don't go to League well
China
keeps growing but if they do well then
it could take a massive hit yeah maybe
but like I feel like it's weird to just
discuss China it's like potential
political crackdown as a thing that
could be a problem it feels like very
it's possible I understand it's very
well within the realm possibilities but
it feels weird to tie in those kinds of
points to the fact that like currently
right now League of Legends is fucking
massive in China people talk about how
there's just billboards plateau all over
the place you're getting massive
investment from these teams and I agree
yeah like I don't think China wants to
like fuck themselves and I yeah
they care about so like I don't think
that they'll just like destroy their own
interests a little bit right yes it's
actually like I think a lot of the fear
about like a Chinese government or at
least like the crackdown is over blowing
a lot of the times it's not like they
won't cut and deep into their own
pockets it's not gonna happen yeah I do
which is not which is not a China
product they don't give a fuck about
twitch so when they Dan it they're like
I know Google because they've made body
make tons of money yeah my biggest thing
about this is like the only thing that
I'm not like that I actually care about
that's happening Chinese government wise
is that they're trying to not destroy
the eyes of the children in the future
so like the government has been trying
to like crackdown not crackdown but
there's been laws about how long someone
can stay in front of like a game or a
specific game I don't know what
afternoon that legislation like that's
something you have to be afraid like I'm
like aware about but nothing crazy
nothing at all is gonna happen with the
voice for a long time for China if it
moves away from League of Legends in two
years or something or three years the
bill just move on to another mobile game
because there are so many other eSports
that are just popular yes I think that
the whole thing about fearing the
government's involvement in the game in
eSport it's not gonna happen
all right so I that look right here
thoughts on that um one more thing okay
the CLG discord asked me to say about
this um what are your opinions on the
whole
alleged leaking of scrims that chichi
perks alleged today okay so I like two
things I'll say about this is the edge
along there one I'm gonna specifically
talk about the villain because that was
brought in a little earlier where he was
talking about back on h2k we're at
worlds and I'm an EEG you know a lot of
that so we don't know what they know
like that's the biggest thing that we
have to be aware about but remember I'm
an EEG I'm a used to be a sister team of
a like I'm a literally in the
Developmental League was ete so and they
brought in a lot of them were EDG
players and then the coaching staff are
brought in from EDG so it's hard to ever
tell especially if you're like an
international player or coach coming
into it which player or which coach is
from which team that's when I like
regardless of region I wouldn't I know
it's obviously you like talking about
the past but what I excreme' team if I'm
going up against the team that's that
closely affiliated to them in the past I
would and I think that's something
that's specific to an H 2k incident do I
think that orangey like least like found
out information about you know jenji
stacking on bottom Lane Bush I think
that's I think that's reckless to say
that honestly unless if they know
specifically because if whatever if g2
has been screaming Genji and they know
that information
I would like to obviously find out how
that came out but I think that it was
literally just Olaf best level one
thrash level one they saw Aleutian Nami
which has been a rogue war strata Bleich
cheesing the shit out of them level one
they went in to try Bush and then they
kept going that's what I saw but I think
that you never know with scrim leaking
controversies in the worlds but with the
EDG I'm a one specifically I would say
it's plausible one thing I would say to
that that's loosely connected is that
whenever eg goes to ti4 Dutta
championships
we always or sorry we past tense it was
always assumed that the Chinese
James shared Skrim results with each
other because we saw a lot of evidence
of it in matches and stuff not saying
that DOTA culturally is the same as
league of legends amongst Chinese teams
but it was something we were super
conscious of it's also the kind of thing
we're like I think the amount of leaking
that happens at Worlds like is like
everyone does it whether it's conscious
or not like it's a one Western player
will ask the other Western player like
hey how are your screams going oh we're
getting shit on seeing a lot of this pic
feeling pretty rough yada yada yada and
you know like those kind of
conversations happen all the time it
feels like and so if someone's like
going and saying like hey you know guess
what
RNG Genji did this level one to us five
specific times like maybe that's what
they did but they also could have just
been a thing where it's like man those
Genji guys such fucking cheezer's and
then you know like I think it it's hard
to speculate on exactly what happened
yeah I think that one will probably
never find out unless if someone just
leaked like sex sends as much
information as possible to prove it but
that one will always be a tough one I
don't think anyone will ever come out
and and give evidence to oranjee we're
leaking scream on that one but I don't
know about the scrim culture with China
so it's always difficult with that one
if you want to refresh way down washer
thank you so much for the call and good
to give her that seal G still as a
community oh god yes all right that's
the last time I was actually on here was
saying yeah you gotta go pretty quick
yeah that was bad Sorry Sorry water oh
we have 15 minutes and three callers so
no one gets any extra time okay go grab
somebody else let's see sing go man
sack playing real foxy gets us up to
Endor cast the gaming orange two months
blame game lol rebel calm for nine
months ran our TV for nine months
big white goon four to bebop 1988 and we
were Berber to twist crime our side with
a tier-one Jenni's pool one hundred bits
and we're here dr. Manhattan is on the
show dr. Manhattan where you calling
from Washington DC you're a little quiet
I don't know if you can get a little
closer me right uh is that better yeah
that's much better okay really quickly
what's your topic my topic is on the
idea of and I know people are gonna kind
of get upset about it but I'll explain
later the idea that I feel like worlds
on some level I feel like people just
with results of worlds kind of absorb to
somebody domestic results to some degree
and I think it's the point where it's
like a team can completely be absolved
of everything that they do domestically
based on international results absolved
is in do you mean like like if they
sucks it domestically they can do well
or do you mean like like okay I think it
goes both ways to like someone can have
a poopy domestic thing it's good or you
have a great domestic thing and it gets
ignored because your worlds performance
yeah yeah exactly exactly and I think
Raz LPL is probably one of the best
regions to talk about this with baby
Nami and EDG clearlove and Uzi who
actually got relegated once but like
Western fans just think who is this
unconquerable God even though like he
did not perform well domestically for a
really long period of time yeah I think
literally both phases of royal and EDG
royal when it comes to domestic
performance it's not that they were ever
bad but I would say mediocre compared to
like one of the best teams I remember
there was that Lucien Mehta were the
placement of royal I got buffed up so
much because the Lucian was busted and
newsy was obviously like the best ad
carry so there are times where you just
see roiling in like wow this is just
garbage and then the third party
tournament they played just before
worlds where there's like turmoil within
the team and they get in the worlds
where everyone's watching this like hey
we're just fine we're actually we're
stompin groups we get to a best-of-five
we carry around easy and then for EEG
EDG has been like the most successful
team domestically and then they get into
an international stage and like
everything goes wrong post 15 minutes
under percent but like that's what it
counts no one gives a shit about your
tournament like your regular season no
one gives a damn about it's supposed to
place you into a playoff bracket that's
where all the fun comes down that's
where all the pressure is because when
when you should feel the pressure is
when you should perform and I think
that's what we forget a lot about in
league because League goes really just
put into these random best of like ones
structure regular-season structure and
when we get to an actual bracket format
that some people forget how to play the
game you know what that's that's really
what we should care but the most about I
think I think one of the sort of side
tangents I'd go off on this is the
championship point system it's really
interesting to me because I feel like
vitality who correct me if I'm wrong but
I think they came in because the
championship point system right they
they came in and I feel like that's a
great argument for having a championship
point system and then interestingly I
feel like a hundred thieves and possibly
a frico who I believe it was a frico
that qualified by a championship points
right
also arguments against having a
championship point system and I guess
we'll see about hunter team I don't have
too much faith so I just think it's
interesting that you it's it's a you're
seeing it both situations here we're
like I feel like Europe could could
totally walk away from this being like
we want to keep that and North America
could totally walk away from this being
like we don't want that yeah also and
I'm also saying this kind of as like I'm
speak and people saying that OTL fan or
salty - I'm actually a pretty hardcore
c---nine fan and we make they make top
pay for the past how many bull
championships now in Rome yeah this is
gonna be the third one but how many
people will hold the fact that they have
not won a split like kind of over their
head despite the amount of top eight
they had like that's that's where I kind
of in my lens yeah I think it's a nice
can't think - we're like when you're
using a whole year
then judging that year based off one
torment is really crazy like it seemed
like 100 thieves did a great job in
there first
offseason finding talent building a a
good roster and marketing it well and
doing all this great stuff and like they
deserve all the credit in the world for
spring but then like they also messed up
I would say the roster or the roster was
gonna inherently explode maybe it's not
really their fault but either way like
the world's roster is not that roster
and like you know I think you should
judge both both of those two rosters
even though it's the same team
separately same with like you know c9 or
TSM they're not a good example this
world Griffin I guess maybe like
unbelievable team in Korea they have a
gauntlet as well and then they lost the
gauntlet even though they made the
finals and played KT and five games in
the finals like it's one of those things
where it's really hard to balance making
spring split matter and yeah an
interesting potential solve there is
that a lot of other games do where you
get points for different parts but it's
based on an individual player basis not
like a team so like if media sleeves
like you know they lose one-fifth of
their points or whatever that'll be
really interesting it's Bill topically
than anything right it's done before but
I think I'd be really interesting yeah
and it makes sense because what Mark is
saying I think is absolutely true yeah
hey at this point I absolutely do agree
hey dr. Manhattan thank you so much for
calling in
it's a pleasure as always to be on the
show yeah have a good one that was a
good color I like that guy yeah he calls
him frequently he's cool all right vana
sir oh gee four seven one seven a hot
dog water three two one loony moose Mike
Jim Bob volp Tex Vinny with eleven
months John the first M and Ruud Belle's
knee for five months hello let's
remember the best way to celebrate a
North America victory last night is by
supporting in North America show with a
twitch prime sub or Tier one sub all the
way up to two or three bits whatever
Julius is here Julius where you come
from I am calling from Ann Arbor
Michigan Ann Arbor Michigan what do you
want to talk about on the show tonight
so I'm going to talk about how
kind of over time especially this
world's Korea's too generic of a region
with how they play and that playing for
macro playing the slow game it
eventually
won't work right because theoretically
every region should eventually have
perfect macro so then it should come
down just which team is better able to
execute and have better mechanics and
you're starting to see that this year
especially with LPL teams i would say
the opposite i would i would say that
career right now is actually jane like
katie as a team like I remember I went
through like I when I was streaming buzz
for Korea like I have two different
Katie - Katie that slow that we saw in
rift rivals that can play it smart that
have five incredibly strong players and
then we have like the monkey Katie's
they just dive you repeatedly because
they're really confident in their own
mechanics that's like the apps mab and
used to be pong but I guess you Kel
where they are just a really aggressive
team I think that they have a style
that's not for it I think King zone when
they came out in Springs but they were
not boring they had Khan in the top
plane that just like had a ridiculous
carry potential they have to care a lot
about individual skill and mechanics and
then a freak of freaks are literally the
most opposite of a boring team to watch
where keen and spirit and like Kuro to a
degree are like really fun players to
watch
I think Korea had to really reshape
themselves from being boring teams at
carabao vision to being really hectic
teams that are now just really risky to
watch so I think I would I would say
actually say that that's been the
complete opposite of what's been
happening
I think Genji were the team that were
like slow paced obviously like tried to
care a lot about the team fights with
which really kick catered to the last
patch in which they got from in gauntlet
you saw you got to see a lot of their
team fighting but then obviously they
got their ass beat
so like gone now I think this has been a
much different career yeah I agree I
think it's also like you don't you don't
see them here Griffin but they were like
balls to the wall fighting all the time
they they would like fight for b5 they
fight everything and they were good at
it and they didn't have any championship
points cuz they didn't exist in spring
and
and finals sucked and then they
obviously I would say they think choked
feels like a weird word cuz Genji was
playing decently well in in gauntlet but
like yeah I think gingy's leaving a
really bad taste in people's mouth and
the freakish Oh king from what feels
like right now is leaving bad taste in
people's mouth but like I think LPL has
definitely caught up and this is a great
meta where team fighting and skirmishing
is more heavily rewarded than it has
been in the past and but I don't feel
like Korea failed to adapt to that
I feel like LPL is leveled up they've
done a lot more with the infrastructure
the franchise and that's happened over
there to like make them a better region
as well as a Med of that place of their
strains better yeah and I think I think
right now teams are trying to meet each
other in the middle of Korean teams are
trying to be a lot more skirmish heavy
or fight heavy and the Chinese teams the
way they've leveled up is that actually
have a larger infrastructure coaching
staff the vision control is starting to
get a lot better for a lot of these
things and so you're just seeing both of
them are trying adapt to the yeah and I
think this year but Katie - and Africa
are definitely the standout especially
with um Griffin I was playing Super
Bowls a little team fights and then
eighty super dominant early game and
they eventually had to clean up their
macro but I feel like as rest of the
reason still kind of getting to the
point where they can play that macro
game fully and you learn to see other
teams like vitality especially where if
sometimes they just do things where you
have to read it yeah and a Korean teams
especially they need to get in the habit
of being able to react right like if
they're doing something kind of crazy
you just sit there and what are they
doing I agree like in principle I guess
but like I don't think oh I I don't
think like crown being poop in the mid
lane is a response that I think he's
just not having I mean he's playing well
and I don't think he was ever even in
the height of his power like a dominant
mid laner and so he's just kind of
getting crushed so I think they have a
lot of spillover that goes down the ball
and the top lane and they made those
kind of mistakes but like I don't think
that's in dick
like them or like their entire region
having those problems yeah and and for
me like when Genji or Samsung at the
time rolled like for me the biggest name
was the fact that crown played triple
melzar games on a world stage so for me
there was already like champions that
you identified this team where not only
were they just catered towards
specifically team fighting they were a
team fighting team that didn't care so
much about the laning phase but they
continued on even in a meta where we're
seeing so like a lot less of malzahar so
I think crown it's good that Genji
throughout the split we're trying to
challenge his position and so it's sad
that we couldn't get to see fly play on
stage but for me that's the best thing
about League of Legends is the fact that
you can just like really challenge your
players a lot of the times when tattoos
change consistently that you can't just
have the same roster every year like you
do have to update your roster say oh you
know can you play the new meta if it's
not possible then we can challenge your
position Genji failed to do that it was
very apparent with today and so I feel
like it was just a very specific to
Genji issue today like Genji fucked up
and they were the team that got through
the gauntlet based off of their team
fighting now we have to challenge
afreeca freaks in a best-of one to see
if they can challenge or have just
that's worth the vote you know day as
Genji I want to see what it's like after
the best of fun settings and then we get
into a best-of-five yeah hey Julius
think he's too much for the call okay
thank you all right we're on our last
caller nobody leaves after the stream
because I'm gonna be giving us some RP
cards courtesy of you Gigi and some
gifted subs cuz I'm gonna do a bounty
you can help me out with something it'll
be really cool I don't know what
happened to the guy who had the topic
about the caster and like oh I don't
even know if this between worlds he died
or something this is not what this next
caller is okay nice pond is here beach
pond where he called from Chicago
Illinois Chicago cool the Windy City
what do you want to talk about on the
show tonight Rob I was gonna say that
holy shit yeah
right I just wanted to just talk about
how I think the combination of Dom's
tweets last night's results and yamato's
kind of speech at the end of the night
is gonna be viewed as a turning point
for the West both EU and na as a whole
in like to use a traditional sports
example in the NBA when LeBron and
Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh joined the
big three in Miami that's kind of now
viewed as like the beginning of this
super team era and I don't I don't think
that na or EU is gonna win world's is
here and they could be gone after
quarters but I think starting with MSI
next year you're going to see them start
to have more consistent results against
you know the Chinese and the Korean
teams and after those consistent results
keep fans and maybe even some players
will look back and say like this was the
turning point
where'd that I'll start to come together
yeah we're as you said you had a rants
about the Dom thing this is the one at
the very end here we're finally getting
to like the spiciest thing that happened
besides yesterday's games I don't know
if you want to do that here
yeah that's a good time to do that here
so immediately I know the Don point and
then the entire community reaction went
that like like what the fuck like this
is like the fans need to just stop it a
lot of the times like people throughout
the entire split saw a garbage play and
domestically that is like bad play
League of Legends domestically and then
when they send their champions the
representatives over to an international
event and then they perform poorly then
you start throwing tomatoes at your
leaders you start throwing tomatoes at
the people that are representing you
like that for me is like that's just
some stupid shit if you're gonna be
talking the people for playing games but
still like feasting your own domestic
region you should probably focus a
little bit more about the people that
got left behind like the clg's the
golden Guardians the Flies the clutch
gaming's all of those teams that you can
say oh you know what they still lost
that's what matters because I like the
teamliquid that I saw in their group
that's exactly the same teamliquid I saw
domestically the finals that we saw in
North America the one where they just
huddled up double teleport defensive
play early game play it out and then
just crush c9 on that one that's exactly
what I saw so that's exactly like for me
I saw exactly what I saw in the North
American LCS and I would watch or Vadra
view like on my stream North American
LCS games and I would it would be a
stark difference of how I would react to
an EU LCS game about seeing yellows game
well talk about like cool interaction
what's happening early game smart team
fights good one three ones and then when
it comes to in any LCS games it would be
the most popular ones I suppose to the
people who are watching their fan
because they were literally clown fiesta
team fights that they would have zero
setup in teamfights like weird execution
a lot of the times and there was like
well okay what did you expect like I'm a
traditional sports fan I'm a flames fan
I'm a Toronto Raptors fan and only
Toronto Raptors I mean I did well
recently but once upon a time Toronto
Raptors sucked ass and that was the
expectation if they got to a playoffs
then I was like great I'm happy I like
that they somehow clenched into a plow
position but I'm not gonna expect them
to go forwards and A quarterfinals like
if they got if they win the first round
in playoffs I'm pleasantly surprised I'm
not gonna chuck tomatoes at them when
they lose the first round that is like
that's a weird ship for me to do as a
fan because what was my expectation of
this team was my expectation that they
would be able to beat Chinese teams
Korean teams on a massive stage no
because they had garbage garbage ass
play during the regular season so for us
like consistently every year we have you
know you have our best three teams go
out internationally and then you are
somehow surprised when they get be stood
on by like Edward gaming but like like
Katie what are we fucking surprised
about and so like the whole dumb tweet
when Dawn came out and said whose guys
playing for at night off while he's like
like a fucking streamer like oh he's
playing for tonight he's playing all
these other games
why don't we Chuck should at them
obviously he didn't do that he just
wanted to criticize them
playing games in there going
internationally and that's a fair
criticism a small fair criticism
but that's not gonna change anything
they were still the best in your region
it went out internationally and then
they had bad games so if you're it like
so for the fans that came out there and
read it saying oh you know TSM was in
100 thieves position now change your
that's absolute bullshit they'll get me
stood by fnatic they'll get be stood by
Invictus gaming that's just a fact so
for me that was disgusting to see on
reddit that people are just throwing all
these random criticisms that are like
that's fair a small criticism but a real
fact of the region is North America has
60 ping know players and the games in
inside your own league are bad quality
because you have ten teams and a good
portion of them are not good enough
internationally but I would only say
that it was sad to see TSM flop
obviously I think Jess um would do well
internationally but obviously team play
wise they hide some bad games and then
from that point forward who else are you
looking at perform if you're saying echo
fox that's not true
echo fox and the spring split were great
they injected a lot of new talent they
weren't ready for the romaine stage they
sucked in teamfights and they suck
they're setting up for objectives so
that's my thing about the fans out there
you can be North American fans that's
great you can make kritis you can
critique yeah that's fine but chucking
tomatoes and shit at your team your
leaders your representatives their
representatives of what is a very bad
player regional play that's my thing
about that that's that's my that's my
speech all right well said I enjoyed it
we're running out of time all right no
no but it was good oh do we lose our
color oh no he just he left like one
minute in that speech he's in the plebs
call I don't know I don't really I'm
Travis I have to I have to go so I'll
just uh I'll
you can drop call mark and I'll reset
the screen we'll just finish dan I don't
even get to talk about the thing that
involved me what what are you what you
talk about him
Oh mark popular webcam back on well
we'll handle be spawned after my webcam
off a soapbox I don't really have much
for soapbox I just it's okay so people
think casters and analysts are super
biased on the broadcast and that mark
has been one of the people that's been
targeted the most right I mean and like
I'm usually pretty good about handling
feedback and so like I understand I
agree with that one segment but if you
go back and look at everything else like
Roz was getting shit in planes he's
apparently in a bias castor spawn was
getting shit people think he's na even
though he's fuckin Australian and then
like everyone was getting it if you
didn't just like dick ride European
teams and like in that segment we
absolutely sucked and deserve the
criticism and I can differentiate good
criticism from bad and that was like
good criticism but like this has been
one of like the stupidest worlds I've
ever seen from like a like the European
fans like over reactions to everything
so like that's all like that was good
feedback I agreed with what they said
the vast vast majority of other shit is
like so stupid there's like other
threads going up about how like the the
EU analysts desks is been better all
year and like any casters always suck
and all that stuff and it's like no we
had like we had a bad segment that's
that's mostly it it wasn't like bias it
was like I have a tendency to be a
negative person and over tunnelled on
afreeca not ever sion alting at anything
the entire game basically all right well
that's it anyways that's that's it
anyways I'll miss you I think thanks for
doing the show I really do appreciate it
I know it was it was a tough for you to
squeeze into your schedule and all the
stuff and I know you're really tired so
it is actually honestly appreciated
yeah no problem I'll see you guys
another time yeah after after groups
yeah yes after groups so yeah obviously
you talk and having fun shit yeah we
work
okay yeah see ya ma okay um let's see in
a second the whole webcam thing is gonna
go wonky but I'm gonna unmute you know
be spawned fit sorry can you repeat what
you were talking about because you said
that you felt like this is going to be
like a world's to remember essentially
for the West uh not necessarily a world
to remember but I think that if the West
you know EU and na as a whole get
consistent results that this worlds will
be looked at as like the turning point
or the start of that or even like
misfits five-game Series against SKT
last year um I just think that North
America and EU are just gonna start
playing their style more more pronounced
maybe maybe they've always been playing
their style but it will be a little bit
more pronounced now and that they're
gonna start to see you know in small
doses a little bit more to success
against the Chinese and the the Korean
teams I mean it's it's hard to say if
how that'll play out because it kind of
relies on you know literally the next
several years of competition and I'm not
ready to say yet that like we're gonna
see all that stuff change but yeah I
mean I could see that if this if things
end up going that way I'll say one thing
about North America is that there has
been a lot of like there's been a
LEvolution since uh you know franchising
has gone through but in a lot of effort
and you know coaching staff that's where
a lot of the like the gold has been
pumping in if you if they'd say so for
na the infrastructure is coming that I
think it's been phenomenal that we've
had that Academy League pop up so you do
see a lot of new players I think this
year we've seen old like a lot of
players a lot of new players and I think
at some point that's actually bad short
term because we're seeing is like the
teams with the most veterans are the
most successful in spring split like TSM
was one echo fox when they had like a
lot of the old guard at the players and
the bottom side of the map including
Phoenix I don't know what happened
and then when they had TSM with all
their veterans Team Liquid with all
their veterans a hundred thieves when
they had meteos in the jungle and then
obviously Cody's son had already had
world's experience so like those teams
rose up initially short-term the rest of
the league was just trying to figure out
like the you know competitive 101 how to
work with each other as a team on a
major stage so like I think next year
North America is in a great position for
all of these new fresh faces have all of
this worlds experience and they come
into the NA LCS next time around you
have great coaching staff and great
players with experience that's a
long-term thing think this year if North
America get into semi-finals with their
fate like new players with no experience
all that good shit that is incredible
but that's a story that still needs to
be written in quarterfinals so like I'll
wait until quarters and see how they're
doing a best-of-five it's as boring to
say that but that's literally what it
comes down to yeah
as an aside on all this stuff I know we
keep kind of tension ting I apologize
but one thing we didn't get a chance to
talk about tonight is like it really
felt like it was I mean correct me if
I'm wrong guys but it really felt like
it was a lot off the backs of hazel and
licorice that we saw cloud9 really push
forward fucking two rookies you know
coming in on cloud 9 and pulling us
stuff off right like I say CIL's the
nicest guy you know he's he's just like
this chill dude that just came in and it
was like going head to head against like
the orangey bot lane and not saying they
like smash layin or anything like that
but he's like making plains plays in
teamfights and doing all this cool stuff
it for me is really nice because I think
North America has been I don't want to
say recycling Talent but like has not
been doing as well of a job I think in
the passive trying to find these rookie
players besides whenever TSM throws a
rookie in and makes him award in the
jungle position yeah it's cool to see
I'll say recycling Talent I think that's
been true I think when it comes to North
American teams at the table what they'll
end up doing during
Susan is like here like they have two
options either invest in like a like a
talented jungler but that would take
like a year of real work but like
obviously if you're in a non franchising
system that means you're out of the LCS
I know what that feels like that's
fucking sad or you go with an old guard
that you may not see value out of in a
year and hasn't really performed
internationally but like that's good
enough to get you through the split and
maybe you like have a great year and I
think the best thing about franchising
is that doesn't exist anymore that fear
of relegation is gone and so you can
just invest and what cloud9 did this
year was the riskiest shit anyone could
do where they just threw out the two new
players that you mentioned licorice and
hazel hazel specifically is the biggest
one for me because they had smoothie who
is the best support in North America at
the time and you're like you're
replacing the best support with this
like this bearded motherfucker like
what's this like that to me like this
guy from Academy you're like who is this
guy and obviously now has come onto that
stage and is now vying for if not
already showing himself is the best
support in North America like had that
not gone through a cloud nine state a
duel at last place in North America
hadn't gone to worlds or even if they
they had gone a world in the loss to
gambit North America that they would go
right back to saying yeah fuck new
players fucker Beckett like Academy
players keep to the old guard I think
this has been aniconic moment for new
faces for or owners in north america in
the future they say that we can invest
in a wiggly jungle like that to me means
a lot that we can just look to Academy
and then bring them onto the roster so
cloud9 I think out a major win success
for North America in the future and
that's something that will be remembered
maybe North America gets like popped out
of the tournament in the quarterfinals
but this is a lasting impression for
hiding any beast pawn thank you so much
for the call sorry I know we kind of
like danced around your question a
little bit but hold on even hopefully
was good oh no worries I appreciate it
yeah have a good one
you too all right as I said before do
not go anywhere twitch chat because
we're gonna be doing some giveaways and
stuff on stream
but that is the end of this official
episode of hot line league let me go
ahead and really quickly shout out some
folks who sent some twitch crime stuff
20 year-old asian girl who I I wonder if
she has to update her twitch name every
year
buuut chen excel for 4-5 months realest
ztd 0 9 to hate an elephant in the
wannabe gamer if you're watching the
vibe right now just click over that
twitch link in the description and throw
your sub this way that's you could do
that I want to thank Mark so much for
coming on it was actually really cool of
him to pull this off because he's under
this whole month he's just working
working working so I pushed him to do it
a little bit early we could have just
waited till after groups but I thought
there was just so much stuff to talk
about it like had to do hotline like and
he was willing to do it so thank you
Kelby you got anything you want to throw
out there uh I I was hoping that we
could get predictions for the rest of
the groups oh yeah okay we can do that
really quickly that's I mean we've got
time so tonight is group a which I'm
Lily sinners in that group because I
think it's maybe the most boring group
from a team perspective abalos know
they're going yeah thank you for
contributing any time okay so flash
holes G to Fong foo and Africa
razzes afreeca have a chance of like
redeeming Korea tonight yeah I think so
I think like and take for whatever I
said is grain of salt because my picking
absolute trash right now but I think
that'll be a flash hose and a freak a
freak
that being said obviously jitsu are
currently holding that tie for first
place but yeah and I think of what g2
showed is great but they're gonna be
going towards 131 the only thing that
I'm worried about is that I think that
Keene really matches up well with Wonder
so the one like the one wonder wind
condition yang Coast and perks is will
be met with afreeca freaks and it just
comes down to the difference I think in
bottom lane I think just based off your
drafting a freaking three class I made
the mistake about the hime reading
point it'll be Ben bill challenge bottom
lane and I wonder I think a frequent fix
will come out it Shelby
did I I actually have no idea about this
crew this is the one group that I feel
most concerned about predicting but I
don't know I think that uh I think that
afreeca will probably make it out but I
wouldn't be surprised at all if they
didn't yeah I think it could maybe be a
freakin g2 dude I don't know holy mobile
that's true I think yeah III think
anything happens it's worlds I'm not
even anything can happen anything is
possible
okay I have I have flash holes in Jeju
getting out and because because I think
I think Korea's gonna be there tilted
we've tilted the whole region after last
night yeah and gee and Europe Oh Calvin
Aaron Nick Allen and chesses lease bold
statement Calvi has ever made
that's true but we tilted an entire
region last night and Europe seeing
vitality they know that they fell and
they must right you know right at the
last said they will they will push
through for vitality my predictions
always made off of narratives by the way
nothing to do with analysis or strength
of teens or anything like that so that's
what I'll say so I think I think flash
holes number one g to number two afreeca
slowly being behind and i I don't know
about fun group of Buffalo what is the
next date next day is Group D I think
it's the fall schedule let me double
check this now it's Group C Group C okay
oh really yeah okay I thought that's
receivers groups in TL oh you're right
sorry I for some reason I had to yell
and grip D okay so Group C is the
following night Katie Edward Team Liquid
and mad
I'll leave because I want to see how he
predicts us but Raz how about you
literally Katie EDG is gonna come out of
group pink Team Liquid there
learning lessons a little bit too slowly
about how to pick up fights and EDG have
already been grilled in and had a team
fight because they had to go through
gauntlet through like two Chinese team
fighting teams that like taught them
that you have to take thanks stop
playing roll with them dragon if team
one could do the exact same thing cloud
nine doesn't have that rep like that
scrim relevation revelation then great
but as it stands
EDG just has too many talented players I
think they can get trapped into Caixa I
think we saw the the problems of you
know dipping too much into the late game
and having a bad laning phase so that's
a possibility but I don't think
doublelift is the type of guy who dips
into Draven yes at most he's gonna go
like gin so we're gonna maybe see a Gin
Lane but that's not gonna be enough I
think that we're gonna see Katie did you
come out right as I said we've tilted an
entire region Edward gaming at e-liquid
katie is now I'm just kidding um I I'm
worried for Team Liquid because I feel
like the sort of fighting that I cloud9
and vitality we're able to pull off in
order to take out eastern teams I don't
know if team like what's capable of and
that's that's my big concern for them as
I just don't know if they're gonna be
able to outclassed enough and the other
lanes to do it so I probably have Katie
and Edward sadly for TL Toby there Katie
Neil yeah Wow I won't I will not pick
against Peter and I also just was not
impressed like I wasn't very impressed
with eg I think that I don't know they
they definitely look like by far the
weakest Chinese seemed to me I I don't
think that there are anything special at
all
all right that leaves the final group
which is Group D Invictus fnatic Hunter
thieves and G Rex I'm gonna go with
Invictus and fnatic and I think fnatic
will come out in the first who's gonna
get first yeah okay what the hell all
right you know what what's going on we
inspired a region last night with
vitality and I think and if we're sorry
I think for
we'll show up you know what I think is
gonna happen in this group mmm what I
think that fanatic is getting first and
I think that don't said I think that a
hundred teeth fuckin say it
well don't say it I think they will be
IG and lose to G Rex that's what I'm
calling dude kind of general logic under
t will be IG and lose the G Rex you
heard it here first
lock it in make your bets make your
fucking bastard
oh no thing can happen completely what
you can't have Travis control the show
you can't control the narrative don't
say and don't say I didn't call it man
press Invictus gaming is taking person
in fnatic in second if I 100 thieves no
I'm not even gonna say that I would have
to wash that taste out of my mouth with
some Valentina hot sauce here's what's
gonna happen dude like c9 made it out tl
is gonna make it out 100 t is gonna be
like riding on like this USA hype train
super hard because you know after TL
makes it out to if CL made it out to
then all of na is gonna be like oh my
god like wow it's insane and then and
then when do they what's the schedule
actually for that day this is really
important to my picture those 100 fuck
100 T plays fnatic first month a but
they do play IG before they play G Rex
which i think is really important they
beat IG and lose to G Rex I really wish
they didn't play fnatic before all this
like kind of like potentially sours my
prediction but yeah like my calendar
these I have like there's a possibility
anything happen with Team Liquid you
know this I can throw that out there
with the like the Travis axe and all in
tow but hundred thieves even if they
come out with a completely different
strategy nothing can nothing can like
cover up what's happening in the mid
lane like like for me and the talent is
too weak the biggest
thing with 100 thieves in the spring
split that covered all of this up was
the fact that they were just a smart
team that like medias in the jungle had
the veteran ship that they could they
would be able to make the right calls
around teamfights and that they had
obviously team fighting ad carry and
Cody's son now we know what happened
they brought in Ricardo and I'm fine
with her car as long as he has some
experience during the year but we know
what happens with this putting putting
in a newbie well like in semi-finals
world's not enough experience not enough
time on the stage so like that's just
for me there are too many holes on that
map that some day cannot dig out yeah no
I mean and that's what that's what I
said up to this point is that a hunter T
was getting a crushed every game because
they're bad individually yeah that's
wrong someday is gonna win a lane but it
won't matter
yeah I yeah I last night I was like oh
my God if cloud net gets out and first
seed you know cuz there's a chance I was
like the buff that team like what is
gonna get I was I just in my mind is
just like that I know that analytically
but still I somehow felt like that was
just gonna force like Team Liquid like
they just knock them into shape and they
just like come out swinging I was like
but still no faith in hunter to you like
you could you could have you could have
like both get out and first seed go
undefeated in their groups on the second
week and 100t would still flop I just
don't I wish I had more faith in them
but I am fortunately I just was so
surprised with IG like honestly I was so
surprised because I expected 100% Jackie
love would had a like a bad performance
because domestically I know there's a
lot of amazing ad carry's in the league
but Jackie love is like a Draven type of
player no he literally is like when he
first came into the competitive scene
like he was a Draven one trick he loves
dipping back into Draven at times and he
plays a lot of champions but his thing
is that he's the type of person to base
tank and so a lot of the times Invictus
gaming with lose games or lose a lot of
tempo because he would get picked up on
the map randomly and you didn't happen
he just he actually just stomped people
in lane his team
are exceptional he wasn't nervous at all
for what was a rookie or for him so yeah
there you know I can pick this gaming
doing better than I expected
yeah well that is the show I think you
two hops 2:03 then the culture Nader for
seven of the denna pora I think I got
thrown 179 at 11 months and the wannabe
gay marry and the Haden elephant
Kelby do you have any shoutouts any
plugs anything he wants to hear with him
no I'm good I'm excited for uh no yeah
yeah I'm uh I'm excited for uh I I also
don't super care about tonight but the
two nights after that I'm excited to see
those groups yeah should people care
about tonight
brass uh yeah I think remember the
biggest thing is between afreeca freaks
g2 and flash wolves so g2 I know we uh
elbow drop Europe a little earlier on
but Europe could get out of groups and
that's a big takeaway so I think that's
something that a lot of people will be
looking for it's Kelvin I don't think
anybody from this group is gonna make it
past quarters that's why I don't care
look at this very not Kelby Fenner and
shows screaming chainsmokers come on I
need to refine my chainsmokers pitch
dude okay it needs it needs to be
leveled up and I haven't had time to
level it up yet well you know what
because Kelby didn't do it I'll shout
out Finn Ron Jenkins an amazing twitch
streamer total war streamer he's in chat
right now I'll type a shoutout fitting
around Jenkins in there I go check out a
stream hang out in my stream because I'm
gonna be doing some giveaways stuff and
you can help me complete a bounty which
is where I stream a video game people
watch it and I get paid if more people
watch it and I need to get paid
thank you so much the Razov coming on
the show really appreciate it was a
pleasure having you on dude I'm glad you
were able to make it on somewhat short
notice it's a fun fun time it sweep so
far we've had we had a who did we have
oh we've had all the international folks
on we had shocks on then we had Fox drop
now we have rad so it's kind of nice to
be getting some non any folks even
though I know
where you hail from Raz on the show so
everyone thanks for watching
I shout at which prime thanks everyone
for watching my interviews there's a ton
of stuff going up on the channel on
YouTube so check it out this has been
hotline league was it 48 this has been
an episode of hot line League it's this
one is 49 thanks for watching hot line
League episode 49